I am changing my files Mother Fuckers


How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    caused it showed how the document evolved between the old and the new version, I mean what have been changed; added; removed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    cause it helps to debug more quickly

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    you can get sloppy when naming or and saving the files. Thus, losing previous extra bit of information you might need.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   I guess it depends of the purpose of the document, and how many people are working on the same document.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	to access different version of the same document and then compare them

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because in case I crash the all things I can still undue my change by restoring the previous version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to finish this course and master the fundamentals of git and github to be then capable of finishing the basics of javascript course


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	cons you can forget,
	pros you now when to save because it makes sense to you

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	bit using git log I can access the ID of every commit version. by accession git diff I can compare two version against each others.
